Fix typo in vim-practice lesson 1 (#8)
nus-unix-workshop/2021-s1: docs/vim-practice.md

jump to the last line of the file.

Now try ++slash++, type in any word (or prefix of a word) and ++enter++.  This should move the cursor to the beginning of the word.  You can use

> ++n++ and ++b++ to move to the next match and the previous match.

Author: > I think both `b` and `p` are not correct. Should be ++shift+n++.

I tried the exercise on my vim console and using `n` + `b` to navigate worked fine. Would you rather I change it to the following anyway?

```suggestion
++shift+n++ to move to the next match.
```
